URL: https://lbcmortgage.com/team/shant-kasabyan/
FINAL: https://lbcmortgage.com/team/shant-kasabyan/
STATUS: 200
TITLE: Shant Kasabyan - LBC Mortgage

 Shant Kasabyan - LBC Mortgage About Us Our team Career Media Press Releases LBC Academy Affiliate Program Employee program Where We Lend California Loans California Conforming Loan Limits Airbnb Mortgage Loans Bank Statement Loans Bridge Loans Cash Out Refinance Conventional Loans Commercial Loans Construction Loans DSCR Loans FHA Loans First Time Home Buyer Loans Fix-and-Flip Loans Home Equity Loan (HELOAN) Jumbo Loans Landlord Loans Multifamily Loans Portfolio Loans Hard Money Loans Investment Property Loans No Doc Mortgage No Closing Cost Mortgages Vacation Home Mortgage VA Loans Mortgage For Immigrants Mortgage For Retirees Reduce Your Mortgage Payment Colorado Loans Airbnb Loans Bank Statement Loans Bridge Loans Cash Out Refinance Hard Money Loans Commercial Loans Construction Loans DSCR Loans FHA Loans Fix-and-Flip Loans Investment Property Loans ITIN Loans Jumbo Loans Landlord Loans Multifamily No Doc &#038; No Income Verification No Closing Cost Mortgage Non-QM Loans Non-US Resident Loans Loans For Immigrants Loans For Retirees Florida Loans Airbnb Mortgages Bank Statement Mortgage Loans Bridge Loans Cash Out Refinance Commercial Loans Construction Loans FHA Loans Fix-and-Flip Loans Investment Property Mortgage Jumbo Loans Landlord Mortgage Loans Multifamily Loans DSCR Mortgage Loans No Doc Loans Non-US Resident Mortgage Non-QM Mortgage Hard Money Loans Mortgage For Immigrants Mortgages For Retirees Illinois Loans Airbnb Mortgage Loans Bank Statement Mortgage Loans Bridge Loans Commercial Property Loans Cash Out Refinance Construction Loans DSCR FHA Loans Fix-and-Flip Loans Investment Property Mortgage Jumbo Loans Landlord Mortgage No Doc Loans Multifamily Loans Non-US Resident Mortgage Non-QM Mortgage Lower Your Mortgage Payments No Closing Cost Mortgage Hard Money Loans Mortgages For Retirees Mortgages For Immigrants North Carolina Loans Airbnb Mortgage Bank Statement Mortgage Loans Cash Out Refinance Commercial Property DSCR Mortgage Loans FHA Mortgage Loans Investment Property Loans Jumbo Loans In North Carolina Landlord Mortgages Multifamily Loans No Closing Cost Mortgage No Doc Mortgage Hard Money Loans Loans For Immigrants Loans For Retirees South Carolina Loans Airbnb Loans Bank Statement Mortgage Cash Out Refinance Construction Loans DSCR Loans in South Carolina FHA Loans Fix&#8217;n&#8217;Flip Loans Investment Loans Hard Money Loans ITIN Loans Jumbo Loans Landlord Loans Multifamily Loans No Doc Loans Non-QM Loans Non-US Resident Loans Commercial Hard Money Loans No Closing Cost Mortgage Mortgage For Retirees Mortgage For Immigrants Tennessee Loans 1099 Loans Bank Statement Loans Bridge Loans Conventional Loans Commercial Property Loans Construction Loans FHA Loans Fix and Flip Loans Investment Property Loans Hard Money Loans Jumbo Loans No Closing Cost Loans Non-QM Loans No Doc &#038; No Income Loans P&#038;L Loans Tennessee DSCR Non-US Resident Loans Multifamily Property Loans Refinance Mortgage For Immigrants Loans For Retirees Texas Loans Airbnb Mortgage Bank Statement Mortgage Loans Cash Out Refinance DSCR Mortgage Loans FHA Loans Investment Property Mortgage Jumbo Loans Landlord Loans Lower Your Mortgage Payments Multifamily Property No Closing Cost Mortgage No Doc Loans Hard Money Loans Loans For Retirees Loans For Immigrants Oregon Loans Airbnb Loans Bank Statement Loans Bridge Loans Cash Out Refinance Commercial Property Loans Construction Loans DSCR FHA Loans Fix &#038; Flip HELOAN ITIN Loans Investment Loans Jumbo Loans Landlord Mortgage Solutions Multifamily Loans VA Loans Non-US Resident Loans Non-QM No Closing Cost Loans No Doc Mortgage Loans For Immigrants Loans For Retirees Pennsylvania Loans Airbnb Loans Bank Statement Mortgage Cash Out Refinance Commercial Loans FHA Loans Bridge Loans Construction Loans Fix &#038; Flip / Rehab Multifamily ITIN Loans Investment Loans Landlord Loans DSCR Loans HELOAN Jumbo Loans Non-QM Loans No Doc Loans VA Loans Non-US Resident Loans No Closing Cost Mortgage Mortgage For Retirees Mortgage For Immigrants Washington Loans Airbnb Loans Bank Statement Mortgage Bridge Loans Commercial Property Loans Construction Loans DSCR Loans FHA Loans First Time Home Buyer Loans Fix &#038; Flip Financing Jumbo Loans No Closing Cost Loans Investment Property Loans Multifamily Property Loans Landlord Mortgage No Doc Mortgage Hard Money Loans Cash Out Refinancing Mortgage For Immigrants Mortgage For Retirees Resources Blog Mortgage Shorts Property Pages Calculator Perks Nationwide Conforming Loan Limits Simple Guide For Home Buyers List Of Documents Required To Apply Loans Traditional Loans Conventional Loans FHA Loans Jumbo Loans Non-QM Loans ITIN Loans Non-US Resident Loans No Ratio Mortgage VOE Loans Self-Employed Loans Bank Statement Loans Assets Depletion Loan 1099 Mortgage Loans P&#038;L Mortgage Loans Home Equity Loans (HELOAN) No Tax Return Program (HELOC) Investment Loans Commercial Property Loans DSCR Loans Cash Flow Mortgage Hard Money Loans Refinance Agents FAQ Contact (818) 309-2999 Get started Back to Team Shant Kasabyan Loan Officer NMLS #2560922 Call me Email me Schedule a consultation Submit Loan Application About me Shant combines industry expertise with a genuine passion for helping clients achieve their homeownership dreams. He takes the time to listen, explain options clearly, and craft solutions that fit each client’s unique needs. Known for his friendly approach and dependable guidance, Shant makes the mortgage process feel simple, transparent, and stress-free. Reviews It was a pleasure working with my loan officer Shant Kasabyan on a purchase loan.He went over and beyond his role to ensure we close the property on time. Shant is very knowledgeable, professional and kind. He explained the entire process very clearly and responded very promptly. I will definitely work with LBC Mortgage in future Sep 26, 2026 The LBC team performed excellently in developing competitive pricing and executing our refinancing loan. Shant was the consummate communicator and on top of every detail every step of the way, while Kevin executed the processing seamlessly. The settlement firm was very complementary of the LBC team. Way to go guys! Sep 26, 2026 Shant is the kind of loan officer everyone hopes to find. He was professional, honest, and extremely helpful every step of the way. He stayed on top of everything, kept me updated constantly, and made sure nothing slipped through the cracks. He made a stressful process feel simple. I’m truly grateful for all his help, and the entire LBC Mortgage team was also great to work with. I would 100% recommend Shant and LBC Mortgage to anyone. Sep 26, 2026 I just want to say how thankful I am for Shant. Doing a loan can be stressful, but he made the whole process feel so much easier than I expected. He was always there to answer my questions, explain things and keep me updated every step of the way. What I really appreciated was how calm he was. His clear communication and real support ment a lot. You can tell he truly cares about his clients and wants the best for them. I’m so glad I chose to work with him. He truly deserves more than a five star for the incredible work he does, I would honestly recommend Shant to anyone looking to get a loan. Sep 26, 2026 Excellent services, multiple loan options, competitive interest rates conducive to all my banking needs. Thank you Shant &amp; Team! GOD BLESS YOU! Sep 26, 2026 Shant at LBC has gone above and beyond helping our family navigate the lending process and secure multiple properties. We very much appreciate not only the promptness and courtesy of his correspondence but also the attention detail and professionalism. I would highly recommend this company and Shant Kasabyan to anyone looking to navigate the home buying corridor. Sep 26, 2026 I got my first house!! If you have a unique financial situation, they are the ones to call! I am self employed and run my own payroll, and because of that, all traditional loans would only count like half of my income. Shant at LBC (working closely with Kevin and Alex) was able to get access to a unique loan program that utilized all of my income - all of my hard work!! WE DID IT! I qualified for almost DOUBLE what 3 other loan officers told me. I didn&#039;t think it was possible, but LBC Mortgage found a way. Other than having access to over 80 lenders and unique programs, they definitely had what other companies lack - a drive and passion to solve the riddle. Communication was beyond my expectations, responding immediately all the time. Shant was happy to educate me on the process, answer any questions, and act as a borderline therapist when the sellers were being difficult. I&#039;m now settling into a beautiful HOUSE (not a tiny condo). Also, he really pushed hard to find me ways to save money, find extra credits, and make this massive purchase feel completely within budget. Between his efforts and my realtor (who he was also in close communication with, taking the pressure off me), I had virtually no closing costs. I never thought I&#039;d be raving about my mortgage broker, but I am!! It all started with a low pressure phone call, so I highly recommend just give em a call and see how you feel. They are awesome! Sep 26, 2026 Get in Touch Whether you’re buying a home or are ready to refinance, our experts are here to help. Call us now Book a consultation Join our community and sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date with the latest news. Navigation About Us Agent Finder Agent Power Program Simple Guides Mortgage Courses FAQ Contact Resources Blog Property Listings Mortgage Shorts Calculator Perks Nationwide Conforming Loan Limits Simple Guide For Home Buyers List of Documents Required To Apply Contact (818) 309-2999 loans@lbcmortgage.com 4605 Lankershim Blvd #421, North Hollywood, CA 91602 © Copyright 2026 by LBC Mortgage. All Rights Reserved. Blog Privacy Policy TX Disclosure LBC Solutions, Inc DBA LBC Mortgage NMLS #275599, Cal DRE #01461773, Florida #MBR3799, Washington #MB-275599, N. Carolina #B-207209, Illinois #MB6850061, Colorado #100542692. Licensed by the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation under the CA CFL license #60DBO-163011. Loans made or arranged pursuant to the California financing Law. DSCR Loan Calculator Debt Service Purchase Price Total amount of payment Down Payment Enter total amount of down payment available Interest Rate Enter the annual interest rate for your loan Insurance Enter cost of insurance Assumes $100 on average Years Enter total term expressed in years of loan HOA Enter any HOA fees required Gross Rental Income Total amount of rental income Result: *For a correct result, enter all information Loan Amount Total amount of your loan $ 0 Loan Payment Monthly payment for your loan $ 0 Estimated Taxes On average, assume 1.25% of total purchase price, divided by 12 $ 0 DSCR Gross rental income / (Loan Payment + Insurance + Taxes + HOA) 0 % Reset Calculator Get Consultation This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read More Decline Cookie Settings Accept All Preferences Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user&#039;s experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Marketing Marketing Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Analytics Analytics Analytics cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Preferences Preferences Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Unclassified Unclassified Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Decline Accept All Save And Accept Cookie Settings × 