URL: https://www.theadvantagelending.com/about-us
FINAL: https://www.theadvantagelending.com/about-us
STATUS: 200
TITLE: About Advantage Lending | Independent Mortgage Broker Ohio, FL, SC, VA, PA

About Advantage Lending | Independent Mortgage Broker Ohio, FL, SC, VA, PA Rates are trending down. Subscribe to rate alerts. Be the first to know when mortgage rates make a move. Stay informed. Save money. Notify me of rate drops Notify me of rate drops Check rates Reduce My Rate Access My Equity Buy a Home Investor Loans Shop rates Today’s rates Our most popular rates Compare rates Compare & shop rates Get a free rate quote Only takes 60 seconds Resources About us Calculators Meet our team Reviews Contact us Our rate watch Blogs Get a quote Purchase Refinance About us Let's embark on the journey of how it all started Our pledge to excellence in providing personalized mortgage solutions for your unique path to financial success and homeownership. Get in touch Our Story Rory Driscoll Founder & Loan Officer We are a licensed, local mortgage broker with more than thirty years of mortgage experience. Our team spent years working for big mortgage companies and realized that we could provide better loans and better experiences by going smaller. We’ve stripped out the layers of middle management and $10 million marketing budgets and replaced them with expertise, transparency, and technology. The result is a lower rate, a faster closing, and more communication. We are an independent broker and do not work for a specific bank or lender. That independence is your secret home financing weapon, since we can shop multiple wholesale mortgage lenders on your behalf — giving you access to more home loan options than what a bank or online lender can offer. Additionally, we represent you and are on your team, getting you the absolute best loan regardless of who offers it is our priority! Connect with us an find out how easy getting a loan can be! 14 days Avg. Closing Time 50+ 5 star reviews 15+ Years of mortgage experience HOW IT WORKS Our Simple 5-Step Home Loan Process 1 Initial Quote & Consultation Get an initial rate quote, learn about costs and fees, & get your questions answered by an experienced mortgage pro. 2 Pre-Approval Provide your full financial picture and get confirmation of your ability to get approved for a loan 3 Initial Disclosures & Documents Review your official loan disclosures and provide the items needed for underwriting 4 Underwriting The underwriter reviews your application to decide loan approval. 5 Closing Sign final documents, pay closing costs & officially own your new home. Our presence Licensed to lend in 5 states currently Our team Meet our team of mortgage experts Rory Driscoll Loan Officer | NMLS #827775 Phone: 854-232-3423 View profile Brock Miracle Loan Officer | NMLS #938584 Phone: 854-232-3423 View profile Take your first step towards turning your equity into cash Get a quote See rates NMLS #2592312 Settle down in your new home without a loan you had to settle for. Resources Rates Get a quote Reviews Calculators Meet our team Blogs NMLS consumer access Contact us Columbus, Ohio rory@theadvantagelending.com (380) 221-7820 Made with ❤️ by limesite.io ADA Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Terms of use Legal ADA Accessibility Statement Copyright © Advantage Lending Advantage Lending
